<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
	xmlns:jsf="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

<h:head>
	<title>IBM - MiniBank - Home</title>
	<link href="../bower_components/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css"
		rel="stylesheet" />
	<link href="../bower_components/metisMenu/dist/metisMenu.min.css"
		rel="stylesheet" />
	<link href="../dist/css/sb-admin-2.css" rel="stylesheet" />
	<link href="../bower_components/font-awesome/css/font-awesome.min.css"
		rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</h:head>

<body>
	<div class="container">
		<nav class="navbar navbar-default navbar-static-top" role="navigation"
			style="margin-bottom: 0">
			<ui:include src="../include/sidebar.xhtml" />
		</nav>
		<div class="row">
			<div class="col-md-10 col-md-offset-1">

				<h1 style="margin-top: 50px; margin-bottom: 40px">New Features
					We Want To Show You</h1>
				<div class="panel-body">
					<!-- Nav tabs -->
					<ul class="nav nav-tabs">
						<li class=""><a aria-expanded="false" href="#jca"
							data-toggle="tab"><font size="5">Remote Developing</font></a></li>
						<li class=""><a aria-expanded="false" href="#remote"
							data-toggle="tab"><font size="5">JSF feature</font></a></li>
						<li class=""><a aria-expanded="false" href="#java"
							data-toggle="tab"><font size="5">JPA feature</font></a></li>
					</ul>

					<!-- Tab panes -->
					<div class="tab-content">
						<div class="tab-pane fade active in" id="jca">
							<h3>Developing applications using the JCA programming
								interface</h3>
							<p>
								<font size="4">JCA connects enterprise information
									systems such as CICS®, to the JEE platform.</font>
							</p>
							<p>
								<font size="4">JCA supports the qualities of service for
									security credential management, connection pooling and
									transaction management, provided by the JEE application server.
									Using JCA ensures these qualities of service are managed by the
									JEE application server and not by the application. This means
									the programmer is free to concentrate on writing business code
									and need not be concerned with quality of service. For
									information about the provided qualities of service and
									configuration guidance see the documentation for your JEE
									application server. JCA defines a programming interface called
									the Common Client Interface (CCI). This interface can be used
									with minor changes to communicate with any enterprise
									information system.</font>
							</p>
						</div>
						<div class="tab-pane fade" id="remote">
							<h3>CICS remote development feature for Java</h3>
							<p>
								<font size="4">The CICS® remote development feature for
									Java™ provides an ECI resource adapter for use in Liberty
									running on a developers workstation. The feature enables
									developers to rapidly test and debug Java applications that use
									JCA APIs to invoke programs in CICS TS. When ready, the
									application can be deployed into Liberty running in CICS
									without any further changes to the application.</font>
							</p>
							<p>
								<font size="4">The feature connects to a CICS region by
									using an IP interconnectivity (IPIC) connection that is defined
									by using the TCPIPSERVICE resource. The trace facility can be
									used to identify problems with the data sent and received from
									the program in CICS TS.</font>
							</p>
						</div>
						<div class="tab-pane fade" id="java">
							<h3>Porting JCA ECI applications into a Liberty JVM server</h3>
							<p>
								<font size="4">JCA applications can be easily ported into
									a Liberty JVM server using the JCA local ECI resource adapter
									support:</font>
							</p>
							<p>
							<ol>
								<li><font size="4">Add the feature <strong><em>cicsts:jcalocalEci-1.0</em></strong>
										to server.xml
								</font></li>
								<li><font size="4">Configure a connectionFactory in
										server.xml for JCA local adapter with <strong><em>properties.com.ibm.cics.wlp.jca.local.eci</em></strong>
								</font></li>
								<li><font size="4">Deploy the application into CICS</font></li>
							</ol>
							</p>
						</div>

					</div>
				</div>
				<p>
					<a class="btn btn-primary btn-lg" href="#" role="button"
						style="margin-top: 100px; margin-left: 30px">Learn More About
						New Features</a>
				</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
	<ui:include src="../include/footer.xhtml" />

	<!-- jQuery -->
	<script src="../bower_components/jquery/dist/jquery.min.js"></script>
	<script src="../bower_components/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
	<script src="../bower_components/metisMenu/dist/metisMenu.min.js"></script>
	<script src="../dist/js/sb-admin-2.js"></script>
</body>
</html>